Cumulus 1560 features (#1312)
nasa/cumulus: docs/features/execution_payload_retention.md

## Payload record cleanup

> <!-- To reduce storage requirements, a CloudWatch rule (`{stack-name}-dailyExecutionPayloadCleanupRule`) triggering a daily run of the provided cleanExecutions lambda has been added.  This lambda will remove all 'completed' and 'non-completed' payload records in the database that are older than the specified configuration. -->

Reviewer: I assume that this wasn't intentional? Do we still want this content?

Author: Yes, and yes. 

511636c2e

### Configuration

The following configuration flags have been made available in the `cumulus` module.   They may be overridden in your deployment's instance of the `cumulus` module by adding the following configuration options:

#### daily_execution_payload_cleanup_schedule_expression _(string)_

> This configuration option sets the execution times for this lambda to run, using a Cloud Watch cron expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration option sets the execution times for this lambda to run, using a Cloudwatch cron expression.
```

Default value is `"cron(0 4 * * ? *)"`.

#### complete_execution_payload_timeout_disable _(bool)_

This configuration option, when set to true, will disable all cleanup of `completed` execution payloads.

Default value is `false`.

#### complete_execution_payload_timeout _(number)_

> This flag defines the cleanup threshold for executions with a 'completed' status in days.   Records with updateTime values older than this with payload information  will have that information removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This flag defines the cleanup threshold for executions with a 'completed' status in days.   Records with `updatedAt` values older than this with payload information  will have that information removed.
```

I think `updatedAt` is the actual record key that is used?

Default value is `10`.

#### non_complete_execution_payload_timeout_disable _(bool)_

> This configuration option, when set to true, will disable all cleanup of "non-complete" (any status _other_ than `completed`) execution payloads (e.g. ).

Reviewer: Should there be something after "(e.g."?

Author: No, e.g. should be removed.

Author: bccde3043
